[docs] no hard coding cuda as bnb has multi-backend support (#35867)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/llm_tutorial.md

```bash
pip install transformers bitsandbytes>=0.39.0 -q
```

> Bitsandbytes also support non-CUDA-based GPUs. You can refer to the bitsandbytes multi-backend installation guide [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation#multi-backend).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitsandbytes supports multiple backends in addition to CUDA-based GPUs. Refer to the multi-backend installation [guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation#multi-backend) to learn more.
```
